# Entry 1

Throughout these days we have had the opportunity to look for and explore different topics. Since these topics had to be related to STEM, and I already had a few topics in mind, I decided to do some research on these topics. One of the topics was Zoology. Zoology is the study of the behavior, structure, physiology, classification, and distribution of animals. However, I wanted to find out ways we can prevent some animals from extinction because people all around the world might want to help these animals and they don't know how to and by providing information it would help them and benefit the animals. However, I also had another topic in mind which is the Thyroid Disease. 

Not a lot of people know what the Thyroid Disease is. Thyroid Disease basically focuses on any dysfunction of the butterfly-shaped gland at the base of the neck(thyroid). There are two specific types of thyroid disease that I want to focus more on and do research on which are, Hypothyroidism and Hyperthyroidism. After doing some research on both of them, by looking at websites like https://www.healthline.com/health/common-thyroid-disorders and https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/323196.php, I found out that Hypothyroidism is a condition in which the thyroid gland doesn't produce enough of the thyroid hormone. In hyperthyroidism, there is an overproduction of a hormone by the butterfly shaped gland in the neck. This is very important because the thyroid gland is a vital hormone and it plays a very important role in the metabolism, regulation of body temperature, heart rate, blood pressure, growth and development of the human body. According to the websites, about 13 million people have undiagnosed thyroid disease and 60% of the people with some form of thyroid disease are unaware of this disease. When I read this I felt that if I pick this topic and do more research, maybe I can help people who have this disease learn what kinds of medications they need to take or how to cure this disease.

Currently, in the engineering design process, I am only in step 1 and step 2 because I have only researched information and written down notes on this topic. Some skills that I have developed throughout these days are communication and consideration. I have learned how to communicate better by asking for people's opinion on my topic and listening  to any suggestions they had. In addition, by choosing this topic I was considering my audience to be everyone from young kids to adults who may want to know more of how to cure or prevent this disease.

[Home](../README.md)


